TODO : List
1 - razorpay issue fix - done
2 - favicon update - done 
3 - dicount percentage conditional rendering - done 
4 - remove shop now button  - done 
5 - match the card ui as per the image - done 
6 - add popup free money potely 
7 - match the footer style - done 
8 - use correct whatsapp icon - done
9 - image not showing in medusa and web page - Fixed 



fix payment and make sure complete flow is working 
customer login and register flow 
invoice generation
setup email via gmail using smtp 


1 order flow fix and customer login - done
2 better ui in invoice generation and add gst into invoice - done
3 add filter for products - done
4 add invoice option in order page  - done
5 implement all the offers and discounts
6 update master photo in about page - done
7 test conditional shipping charges 
8 in home page in medusa admin panel change welcome text to blissful soul 
9 sessions booking should also show in order history - done  
10 match the fonts - done
11 make reschedule functionality and cancelation for appointments - done 
12 session reminder message for bookings - done 1 hour both side reminder
13 add refund policy page - done

why every page loading taking so much time every tab every page taking so much time to open how can we optimize




1 - in product page search bar not working fix - done 
2 - in cms home page schema is not updated fix  - done 
3 - sync medusa with strapi now product will come with single script dont have to manualy add - done 
4 curl -X GET http://localhost:9000/admin/sync-strapi
5 - instead of running this command i made a button in medusa admin pannel to handle this
6 now product willl show automatic in stari connectiy complete

cal_link = 30-min-session 

Changes Implemented:
Bento Hero (CMS Link): I added a "Bento Hero" component to Strapi. You can now edit the main title, the subtitle, and all button links for the top section directly from the CMS.
Intro Section (CMS Link): The dark section ("Curated for you") is now dynamic. You can update the heading and description in Strapi.
Featured Products Enabled: I added the missing relationship in Strapi so you can now choose exactly which products show up in the "New Selection" section.
Performance & Search:
Page Speed: Optimized all page loads. They will now load instantly from the cache (revalidating every 60 seconds).
Product Search: The search bar on the Store page is now fully functional.


Automatic Reflection: Whenever you add a product to one of these collections in the Medusa Admin, it will automatically reflect in the section on your Home Page.
Strapi as "Override": If you manually select products in Strapi, those will take priority. If you leave the Strapi section empty, it will automatically pull the live products from your Medusa collection.



https://klickvert.com/admin/sync-strapi to sync all the products in browsers 




and fix the footer as well in in mobile screen jion use buttion will come bwlew and one more thing fix ui cards for mobile screen 



and can using script in medusa and products cann add all the prodcuts qyt 10k and make sure only prodcuts not sessions 



http://localhost:8001/in/account/sessions

https://theblissfulsoul.in/in/order/order_01KP5H4D0NJ9Z0RXYMHBGD18VF/confirmed